00:00:37 <pauld> marsh: are you proposing a mapping from wsa:action into a wsdl 'op-code' ?
00:00:58 <pauld> hugo: i think this is more or less what we were talking about
00:01:23 <pauld> dbooth: this approach would solve what i was talking about
00:01:55 <pauld> paco: how would this help, unless action values are distinct
00:02:47 <pauld> hugo: possible to have multiple different messages with the same action going to the same operation, e.g. logging service
00:02:59 <dbooth> q+ to explain motivation for uniqueness
00:04:23 <pauld> discussion of uniqueness, GED and action may form a unique pair
00:04:26 <Marsh> ack db
00:04:26 <Zakim> dbooth, you wanted to explain motivation for uniqueness
00:04:33 <anish> q+
00:05:04 <pauld> dbooth: operation mapping requirement tries to solve "what do you do with a message" problem
00:05:12 <umit> q+
00:06:03 <pauld> glen: no, operations exist for a reason - i want to "do something". the operation is the verb, not just a bag
00:06:03 <mnot> mnot has joined #ws-desc
00:06:52 <asir> asir has joined #ws-desc
00:07:04 <umit> The reason that the default ACtion values solve the problem is that it uniquely identifies both the operation and the message. The moment one starts from deviating from assigning the default Action values, then uniqueness requirements must be met in order to identify the operation and the message. 
00:07:26 <pauld> dbooth: well know. you might not necessarily want to think this way. WSDL describes the Web service (there may be zero, one or many WSDLs in play).
00:07:50 <pauld> q+
00:08:37 <pauld> ... what do i need to do with a message when it comes in
00:08:56 <pauld> ... maybe that a message may result in multiple 'actions'
00:09:10 <pauld> +1 to dbooth, with feeling
00:09:49 <pauld> glen: you need to know, somehow. which operation is in play
00:09:59 <pauld> marsh: what has this to do with unique actions
00:10:20 <dbooth> q+ bijan
00:10:28 <Marsh> ack hugo
00:10:33 <Zakim> hugo, you wanted to say that he think that the (action, message) pair needs to be unique, not the action alone
00:11:59 <pauld> hugo: i think that the (action, message) pair needs to be unique, not the action alone. possible to have 2 op-codes for different messages. 
00:11:59 <Marsh> ack umit
00:14:07 <pauld> umit: action might not identify anything, you have other mechanisms. we might not be able to solve this problem, only make suggestions.
00:14:15 <Marsh> ack anish
00:14:18 <Marsh> ack paul
00:16:36 <dbooth> PaulD: "WSDL isn't the Web service. WSDL *describes* the Web service."
00:16:41 <dbooth> +1 to Paul's quote!
00:16:47 <Marsh> ack bijan
00:17:38 <kliu> kliu has joined #ws-desc
00:19:01 <alewis> q+
00:20:11 <Marsh> ack alewis
00:20:33 <pauld> discussion between dbooth and bijan about higher level actions, grouping operations into choreography. maybe extra information in the header to achieve this
00:22:18 <pauld> amy: there are lots of other mechanisms for determining the actual processing undertaken beyond 'action' encoded in the message
00:22:48 <pauld> tom: what can we do to go forward here. close with no action!
00:24:25 <pauld> paco: do we have to provide an actual mechanism? the default dispatching could be 'action'. current text allows you to do what you want.
00:25:13 <pauld> paco: action is just one of many possible mechanisms
00:25:55 <pauld> anish: action satisfies this requirement, action+GED satisfies this requirement. we're done
00:26:08 <pauld> marsh: should we require actions to be unique?
00:26:23 <pauld> anish: we already said (in ws-addr) no
00:26:55 <umit> q+
00:27:06 <pauld> ... it's up to you if you want to use an extensibility mechanism
00:28:17 <pauld> marsh: maybe it's only action+GED that is unique, then you'd have an invalid WSDL. my service could still work with other magic dispatching mechanism
00:29:51 <Marsh> ack umit
00:29:56 <alewis> why do you have to have something at some level to tell anyone else how you're doing this?
00:29:59 <pauld> paco: suspects there's a bug in the spec: why do we cite the interface as the place to describe the dispatching mechanism?
00:30:04 <alewis> this is the same silly argument as before!
00:30:32 <dbooth> q+
00:30:36 <pauld> i'm coming round to amy's POV on this topic
00:30:38 <Marsh> ack db
00:31:05 <pauld> but have yet to convince folks back home
00:32:15 <alewis> if you're wearing a straitjacket, you don't *need* an overcoat.
00:32:17 <pauld> dbooth: you need an explicit way of describing the 'verb' at the abstact level. this is a foundation spec. once that is done we can drop the operation mapping requirement
00:32:58 <pauld> glen: then we can toss out operations
00:33:28 <pauld> paco: context may provide dispatching.
00:33:59 <TomJ> I am not willing to support any addition to the spec that introduces a 'verb' that replaces the operation.
00:34:17 <prasad> q+
00:34:18 <pauld> dbooth: operations are convinient metaphores. also there are protocols that do request-response
00:34:34 <pauld> marsh: i need some concrete proposals here
00:34:46 <pauld> dbooth: sanjiva was working towards one
00:35:16 <pauld> anish: we can take the last F2F discussion and form a proposal aligned to ws-addressing
00:35:49 <pauld> marsh: maybe we need to move sanjiva's proposal forward
00:36:27 <kliu> +1 to amy's why  statement - all we have to do is to provide a way so people can indicate what mechanism they use to distinct the message if they choose to do so, no MUST is necessary here
00:36:33 <Marsh> ack prasad
00:36:34 <pauld> tom: we spent a lot of time on this already. let's vote and move forward. i vote no
00:37:29 <pauld> prasad: it's a small change at the ws-addr level to require uique action uris
00:37:39 <pauld> s/uique/unique/
00:38:39 <pauld> daveo: keen to vote, but interested in relationship between this and wsa:action. 
00:38:51 <pauld> tom: yeah, it gives you the 'verb'
00:39:10 <pauld> daveo: people may or may not be using ws-addr
00:39:12 <prasad> s/action uris/action uris for all input or output messages in an interface/
00:41:06 <pauld> paco: it's only on the server that an ambiguous WSDL is a problem. doesn't impact client interoperability
00:41:23 <pauld> anish: action values don't have to be unique
00:42:10 <pauld> daveo: nothing we can do here that makes wsdl 2.0 simpler here?
00:43:36 <pauld> ... i haven't heard anything that makes WSDL 2.0 simpler when ws-addr is engaged. lets close this issue.
00:43:56 <prasad> Anish: We can require them to be different (not unique) in an interface. I.e. distinct URI for each different message in an xface.
00:45:31 <pauld> anish: you can still have two 'in' messages for an operation which aren't unique
00:46:02 <dbooth> Anish is right.  The granularity of the op name mapping requirement is wrong.  
00:46:35 <umit> We already agreed that there is a granularity issue, didn't we at the last f2f? 
00:47:19 <pauld> marsh: what do we need to change to resolve paco's bug?
00:48:00 <dbooth> http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/~checkout~/2002/ws/desc/wsdl20/wsdl20.html?content-type=text/html;%20charset=utf-8#Interface_OperationName
00:48:59 <pauld> arthur: it's only the input GEDs that have to be unique - the service executes the operation based on the inputs, output is causality
00:49:20 <pauld> ... who cares if the outputs aren't unique
00:50:02 <pauld> marsh: in the case where there are two outputs.
00:50:42 <pauld> arthur: corollation of outputs back to the input is a different problem. 
00:51:39 <pauld> ... back to LC82. text seems like overkill in the way it's written. it's lawyer-speak
00:51:54 <prasad> I agree :)
00:52:28 <pauld> marsh, tom: just the first message in a MEP has to be unique
00:52:31 <prasad> Text in the spec not the issue ..
00:52:43 <pauld> glen: yes, but also the first in the OUT as well
00:53:37 <pauld> discussion of 'client' and 'server' roles 
00:54:40 <pauld> jeffm: forget client/server and think in terms of recipient. response doesn't have to have uniqueness
00:55:11 <pauld> marsh: we're getting close here. two buckets - in messages, out messages
00:55:42 <pauld> jeffm: it's the side that's doing dispatch that requires uniqueness
00:56:59 <prasad> If I redirect responses via replyTo, don't I have to worry about which operation and other such at the recipient end?
00:57:02 <pauld> rapid discussion of dispatch info required in respect to the MEP in play
00:58:30 <pauld> tom: i only need to understand which operation / MEP is in play. first message does that
00:59:26 <pauld> tony: need a new term e.g. "initiating message" or "unsolicited messgage" (brits giggle) 
00:59:53 <pauld> ... problem is terminology is overloaded
01:00:43 <pauld> kevin: how does this work. are we requiring 'state' in an operation?
01:00:46 <pauld> tom: yup
01:00:56 <umit> ouch!
01:01:01 <pauld> ... that's the way it works
01:01:26 <dorchard> dorchard has joined #ws-desc
01:01:46 <Zakim> -Hugo
01:01:54 <Zakim> +Hugo
01:02:00 <Zakim> -Umit_Yalcinalp
01:03:08 <Zakim> +Umit_Yalcinalp
01:03:23 <pauld> tom and anish play dispatch tennis across the room ..
01:04:08 <pauld> anish: in the message, there is some kind of client identitiy? if that is the case, i could buy uique GED for first message argument
01:04:19 <pauld> s/uique/unique/
01:05:51 <pauld> tony: starting more than one MEP async without corollation mechansim isn't going to work
01:07:19 <kliu> q+
01:07:38 <alewis> q+
01:07:52 <pauld> paco: do we need to specify the corollation mechanism in play as well? a service doesn't want to divulge its implementation
01:08:20 <Marsh> q+ tony
01:08:21 <pauld> tom: a complex MEP requires a corollation mechanism
01:08:25 <Marsh> ack kl
01:09:59 <pauld> kevin: could have two alternative ins, this would imply they would have to have a unique GED
01:11:15 <Marsh> ack al
01:13:08 <umit> Uniqueness is always defined with respect to a domain. What is the domain we are talking about here anyway? I made a posting to WS-Addressing for this issue: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-ws-addressing/2005Jan/0035.html
01:14:59 <pauld> amy: i'm violently opposed to making this stricter. it's none of your buisiness how my messages are dispatched. other out of band dispatch mechanisms not described in WSDL may be in play.
01:15:53 <Marsh> ack tony
01:15:56 <pauld> ... you're preoccupied to code-generation langauges. it isn't the web service generation language
01:15:58 <pauld> +1 to amy
01:16:08 <dbooth> +1 to amy also
01:16:35 <anish> q+
01:16:44 <TomJ> But that doesn't invalidate the use case that code generation *is* important, and if a generation engine doesn't have enough info in the WSDL do the job, then perhaps the WSDL is not complete.
01:16:50 <umit> I disagree with Amy on one point. WSD is for clients to be able to communicate with the service. If the service requires a specific way of interacting with it from the client to aid in dispatching, then it must be explicit, either in the usage of WS-Addressing, marker,etc
01:16:55 <alewis> horsefeathers, tom!
01:17:17 <pauld> tony: once the first 
01:17:17 <dbooth> WSDL is never a complete description of the service anyway.
01:17:19 <alewis> if you want a web services code generation language working group, petition the director!  i call scope creep!
01:17:21 <TomJ> Are you saying that my use case is not valid?
01:17:33 <pauld> s/once the first/corollation is the key here/
01:17:41 <alewis> yes, tom, code generation is out of scope for a description language.
01:17:46 <Roberto> I disagree with Amy too. If operations surface in the description, it should be possible to discriminate them. Otherwise you can define one operation per service and you're done.
01:18:13 <alewis> more to the point, my use cases (describing legacy services) conflicts with your use case (demanding explication of service internals)
01:19:11 <Arthur> sorry amy, but i disagree. we absolutely need wsdl to be complete enough for a client to access the service without the need for any additional out-of-band information
01:19:21 <alewis> irrelevant, arthur.
01:19:28 <alewis> not what the argument is about.
01:19:29 <Arthur> no it isn't
01:19:30 <pauld> marsh: need to wrap up. we're not going to get agreement here given it's a difference in architectural views
01:19:40 <Arthur> you are an in obvous minority here
01:19:41 <umit> Ah, that is a separate discussion Arthur. Is WSDL the complete and one-and-only contract? 
01:19:48 <alewis> the client *has* the information: it can construct the message.
01:20:24 <Arthur> if it isn't even complete enough for a client to access the service, then it has failed to meet a significant requirement
01:20:42 <alewis> i repeat, there isn't a question of the client being unable to access the service.
01:21:19 <alewis> the use case presented, instead, is for generation of code to implement the service.
01:21:22 <alewis> i don't buy it.
01:21:23 <pauld> proposal #1: first GED in the initiatting message of a MEP has to be unique
01:22:05 <Arthur> wsdl MUST support code generation
01:23:19 <alewis> horsefeathers, arthur.
01:23:23 <pauld> s/first GED in the initiatting message of a MEP has to be unique/initiating message of an operation must be distinguishable/
01:23:52 <pauld> tom: this relaxes what we currently have
01:24:07 <pauld> ... this will make amy happier
01:24:26 <TomJ> s/will/may/
01:24:42 <pauld> proposal #2: all messages in a given direction need to be distinguishable
01:24:51 <Arthur> call me Pegasus then
01:25:11 <pauld> ... within an interface
01:25:33 <hugo> proposal #2 for me
01:25:43 <prasad> Distinguishable based on what criteria? GED?
01:26:03 <Zakim> -Dbooth
01:26:24 <alewis> return at +25 after next hour?
01:26:29 <Zakim> -Bijan_Parsia
01:26:30 <Marsh> Yes.
01:26:36 <Zakim> -ALewis
01:26:38 <pauld> LUNCH, BACK at 13:30 local time
01:27:01 <Zakim> -Prasad_Yendluri
01:27:03 <Zakim> -Roberto
01:27:05 <umit> Ah, I may miss this fun 
01:27:17 <prasad> Me too
01:27:34 <alewis> ugh.
01:28:28 <Zakim> -Umit_Yalcinalp
01:37:11 <Zakim> +DavidB
01:38:11 <Zakim> -DavidB
01:49:36 <Zakim> -Asir
02:02:18 <umit> umit has left #ws-desc
02:03:03 <RRSAgent> See http://www.w3.org/2005/01/20-ws-desc-irc#T02-02-18
02:04:29 <michael> michael has joined #ws-desc
02:31:20 <Zakim> -Hugo
02:32:40 <dbooth> dbooth has joined #ws-desc
02:32:45 <alewis> not there yet?
02:34:47 <dbooth> zakim, call dbooth-mit
02:34:47 <Zakim> ok, dbooth; the call is being made
02:35:16 <Zakim> +Asir
02:35:22 <dbooth> zakim, wake up!
02:35:22 <Zakim> I don't understand 'wake up!', dbooth
02:35:52 <Zakim> +ALewis
02:36:06 <Zakim> +[Sun]
02:36:20 <Zakim> +DBooth
02:36:26 <Zakim> +Bijan_Parsia
02:41:05 <Marsh> OK, we're about to start again.
02:41:12 <alewis> for i in $(cat issues.list | cut -f 1) ; do echo "Issue $i closed" ; done
02:41:12 <Marsh> Zakim, who's on the phone?
02:41:12 <Zakim> On the phone I see Hugo.Haas, Asir, ALewis (muted), Roberto, DBooth, Bijan_Parsia
02:41:40 <Zakim> +Hugo
02:41:50 <Marsh> resuming
02:42:26 <hugo> Zakim, Hugo is Melbourne
02:42:26 <Zakim> +Melbourne; got it
02:43:25 <dbooth> rrsagent, draft minutes
02:44:09 <Arthur> scribe: arthur
02:44:10 <Marsh> Scribes: Paul(done), Arthur, DaveO, Anish
02:45:15 <GlenD> GlenD has joined #ws-desc
02:45:52 <Arthur> taking a poll now
02:46:22 <dbooth> rrsagent, where am i?
02:46:22 <RRSAgent> See http://www.w3.org/2005/01/20-ws-desc-irc#T02-46-22
02:46:31 <Marsh> Proposal #1`: /initiating message of an operation must be distinguishable
02:46:40 <Marsh>  proposal #2: all messages in a given direction need to be distinguishable
02:47:04 <Marsh> Proposal #3: All messages in the "in" direction need to be distinguishable.
02:47:07 <alewis> NOTA?
02:48:10 <Paco> Paco has joined #ws-desc
02:48:14 <Marsh> Status quo: All messages need to be distinguishable, right?
02:48:22 <alewis> could "none of the above" be added to that list, please?
02:48:46 <Marsh> Proposal #4: none.
02:49:21 <Roberto> 2
02:51:10 <Marsh> Zakim, who's on the phone?
02:51:10 <Zakim> On the phone I see Hugo.Haas, Melbourne, Asir, ALewis (muted), Roberto, DBooth, Bijan_Parsia
02:53:17 <Arthur> results of poll are #1 has 7, #2 has 5, #3 has 2, #4 has 2
02:53:57 <Arthur> now distinguish between #1 or #2
02:55:20 <Marsh>  proposal #2: all messages in a given direction need to be distinguishable
02:55:20 <Arthur> new results are #1 has 6, #2 has 10
02:57:27 <Arthur> Tom: this means if two operations return the same GED, e.g. PurchaseOrder, then they must be distinguished
02:58:47 <pauld> paul: this is reopening the discussion
02:59:10 <Arthur> Anish: yes, that's why we had 3 proposals
03:00:10 <Arthur> Glen: this does not allow the common case where the return message is distinguished by the content, e.g. the response if correlated to the request which is normally distinguished
03:01:11 <Arthur> Anish: the GED is not the only way to distinguish
03:01:28 <Marsh> q+ tony
03:01:32 <Marsh> q+ mark
03:01:37 <Arthur> Glen: does that mean the MEP can be used, e.g. if the outs are correlated to the in?
03:01:58 <Marsh> ack anish
03:02:02 <Marsh> ack tony
03:02:17 <Marsh> q+ anish
03:02:24 <Marsh> q+ kevin
03:02:49 <Marsh> ack mark
03:03:00 <Marsh> ack anish
03:03:16 <Arthur> Mark: I'd like to see the proposals restated by how the messages are distinguished
03:04:21 <Marsh> ack kevin
03:04:39 <Arthur> q+
03:05:40 <Marsh> ack arthur
03:05:43 <Marsh> q+ Mark
03:06:01 <Marsh> q+ Anish
03:06:33 <Marsh> q - marlk
03:06:38 <Marsh> q- mark
03:06:40 <Marsh> q-anish
03:06:56 <Arthur> Arthur: points out that the spec currently only discussed the GED as the way to distinguish operations
03:07:41 <Arthur> Jonathan: does anyone object to #2?
03:07:49 <Arthur> Arthur and Glen object
03:08:23 <alewis> we're forcing people to say things that they may not need to say.
03:08:23 <Marsh> Bijan: Are we allowing people to say things they wouldn't be able to say otherwise, or are we restricting them from something something they can't say now.
03:08:25 <dorchard> And DaveO objects without seeing the exact wording.  This feels like something is being slipped in.
03:08:25 <dbooth> Bijan: Would this be allowing people to say things that they wouldn't otherwise be able to say, or restricting them from saying bad things?
03:09:32 <asir> Arthur and Glen, what are your objections ??
03:09:46 <pauld> paul: went for #2 as a second best option. an operation is symetrical exchange of messages.
03:10:09 <Marsh> q+ tony
03:10:19 <Arthur> Arthur: WSDL 2.0 as currently spec'ed (2.2.1.1) makes many WSDL 1.1 operations illegal
03:10:34 <Marsh> q+ anish
03:11:41 <Marsh> ack tony
03:12:51 <Marsh> ack anish
03:12:57 <Arthur> Glen: request-response operations establish a correlation so #1 is less restrictive than #2
03:13:17 <Arthur> Tony: Is Anish's concern related to asynch?
03:14:47 <Arthur> AnishL I can buy the argument that we don't need this feature at all since its up to the designer of the service to route the inputs anyway it sees fit
03:15:05 <Arthur> s/AnishL/Anish:/
03:16:35 <Arthur> Anish: We are saying that the designer of the service must advertise to the world how operations with the same inputs are distinguished
03:17:32 <Arthur> Anish: I can see the point that is being made by the people who filed the minority opinion, but why are we taking half measures?
03:19:46 <kliu> kliu has joined #ws-desc
03:24:35 <Arthur> Arthur: do we have to add information to the definition of MEPs to indicate that they have a way to distinguish operations, e.g. by correlating the request to the response?
03:26:04 <Arthur> Tony: discuss asynch versus synch
03:27:27 <Arthur> Paul: there are many ways to correlate messages, depending on the transport, etc.
03:29:47 <pauld> VOTE VOTE VOTE
03:34:23 <dbooth> q+ to say that I think this discussion is too focused on WSDL's idiosyncracies and is not really addressing the issue that I raised
03:34:42 <Marsh> dbooth, we're really deep into Arthur's issue #82.
03:35:02 <dbooth> Oh, we've passed my issues?
03:35:21 <dbooth> I guess we've  bumped back to Arthur's.
03:35:32 <asir> well they are interconnected
03:35:33 <Marsh> pretty much I think.  This poll doesn't seem to be a complete solution to yours as well, AFAICT
03:38:22 <Zakim> +Canon
03:46:33 <jjm> jjm has joined #ws-desc
03:47:48 <Arthur> Arthur: maybe we need to have the MEP specify it's key which is a subset of the messages that are sufficient to identify the operation
03:48:28 <jjm> zakim, where am i?
03:48:28 <Zakim> I don't understand your question, jjm.
03:48:55 <Arthur> Jonathan: how many people are in favour of removing the ONMR versus trying to fix the spec?
03:48:56 <anish> btw, the action attr does not help u, david, as it is not required to be unique
03:49:38 <dbooth> Anish, I don't think uniqueness is necessary.  If the action is the same, the semantics are the same.  That's fine.
03:49:53 <Arthur> Glen: i feel we need to capture something
03:50:23 <pauld> you're less likely to cut yourself with a sharp knife
03:50:23 <Arthur> Jonathan: yes, but is is practicle and testable? we can't prevent people from writing bad interfaces
03:50:27 <anish> david, then why are there two different operations/messages if the semantics are the same
03:50:46 <dbooth> anish, i dunno, i didn't write that WSDL document!
03:50:58 <anish> :-)
03:51:00 <Arthur> straw poll
03:51:35 <Arthur> Who is in favour of removing ONMR as a normative part of the spec
03:52:22 <jjm> abstain
03:52:54 <Roberto> opposed
03:53:49 <anish> opposed -- don't throw the baby out with the bathwater
03:54:26 <Arthur> 14 in favour of dropping ONMR and 4 who want to keep it
03:54:41 <Arthur> Formal vote now.
03:55:26 <dbooth> +1 to best practice
03:55:37 <Arthur> Proposal on the table is to move ONMR to a Best Practice document.
03:55:37 <asir> +1 to best practice
03:55:40 <jjm> abstain
03:56:52 <alewis> q+
03:56:57 <dbooth> q-
03:56:57 <anish> q+
03:58:31 <dbooth> Non-normative note
03:58:40 <Arthur> Jeff:best practices have little practical impact
03:59:24 <Arthur> Jonathan: I recommend that we simply rename the current section to make it a Best Practice and not a Requirement
03:59:52 <dbooth> Damn, fire alarm at MIT again
04:00:02 <Marsh> qa+ mark
04:00:05 <Marsh> q+ mark
04:00:07 <dbooth> Hugo and i need to evacuate again
04:00:08 <Marsh> q+ anish
04:00:10 <Arthur> q+
04:00:23 <Marsh> ack alewis
04:00:28 <Zakim> -DBooth
04:01:04 <Arthur> Amy: TIBCO would remove our formal objection if ONM is a Best Practice
04:01:07 <Marsh> ack anish
04:01:59 <Arthur> Anish: Even if it is a Best Practice we need to resolve the issue. What do we recommend? #1 or #2.
04:03:09 <Arthur> Paco: We could clearly state the requirement instead of recommending the solution.
04:03:42 <Marsh> ack mark
04:04:09 <Marsh> ack arthur
04:05:28 <Arthur> Mark: In RFC 2119, SHOULD is fairly strong, so not appropriate here
04:06:21 <Arthur> Arthur: this problem is wider than interface design since it is possible to have two services at the same endpoint, each with different interfaces, which may receive messages with the same GED.
04:06:44 <Arthur> Arthur: The Best Practice should not be confined to the interface design.
04:07:04 <Arthur> Tony: +1 to Paco - just document the problem
04:09:01 <kliu> VOTE, let's vote
04:09:57 <Arthur> Jonathan: In summary, we need to have a Best Practice and explain the problem and possible solutions.
04:12:01 <alewis> 30 mins?
04:12:04 <Arthur> Jonathan: go on break then take the formal vote
04:12:04 <anish> --- break ---
04:12:07 <alewis> x:40?
04:12:12 <Roberto> wasn't it 20 minutes?
04:12:21 <alewis> x:30, then?
04:12:22 <Marsh> No, 20 min
04:12:25 <Marsh> tes,
04:12:30 <alewis> 'kay
04:12:30 <Arthur> resume at 3:30pm Melbourne time
04:12:31 <Roberto> 'k
04:12:35 <Zakim> -Bijan_Parsia
04:12:38 <Zakim> -ALewis
04:12:42 <Zakim> -Roberto
04:25:28 <dbooth> dbooth has joined #ws-desc
04:25:56 <dbooth> zakim, call dbooth-mit
04:25:56 <Zakim> ok, dbooth; the call is being made
04:25:57 <Zakim> +Dbooth
04:26:23 <dbooth> rrsagent, where am i?
04:26:23 <RRSAgent> See http://www.w3.org/2005/01/20-ws-desc-irc#T04-26-23
04:27:47 <dbooth> rrsagent, bye
04:27:47 <RRSAgent> I see 2 open action items:
04:27:47 <RRSAgent> ACTION: dbooth and KevinL to scope remaining primer work and identify who needs to supply what advanced topic sections [1]
04:27:47 <RRSAgent>   recorded in http://www.w3.org/2005/01/19-ws-desc-irc#T22-43-45
04:27:47 <RRSAgent> ACTION: editors to call out the difference between WSDL 1.1 and 2.0 in respect to single interface per service [2]
04:27:47 <RRSAgent>   recorded in http://www.w3.org/2005/01/19-ws-desc-irc#T23-25-28
04:28:00 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #ws-desc
04:28:00 <RRSAgent> is logging to http://www.w3.org/2005/01/20-ws-desc-irc
04:28:38 <Zakim> +ALewis
04:29:53 <Marsh> Will resume with a Vote on whether to convert the ONMP to a Best Practice section, carefully delineating the problems that might arise from not having an identifiable mechanism in the message to distinguish which operation the message belongs to.
04:31:16 <Marsh> Resuming now.
04:31:16 <dbooth> ONMP == Operation Name Mapping Requirement
04:31:36 <Zakim> +[Sun]
04:31:47 <pauld> s/ONMP/ONMR/
04:31:53 <pauld> s/ONMP/ONMR/g
04:32:02 <Arthur> Voting begins...
04:33:11 <dorchard> glenn, why did you abstain?
04:35:38 <Arthur> 10 yes, 3 no, 3 abstain
04:35:59 <Arthur> Jonathan: Would any no voters file a formal objection?
04:36:16 <Arthur> Jeff: Very possibly.
04:36:41 <Marsh> Yes: W3C, BT, Canon, TIBCO, SOAP, Microsoft, BEA CA, IBM, webMethods
04:36:47 <Marsh> No: Sun, Oracle, Macromedia
04:36:56 <Marsh> Abstain: Sonic, Education.au
04:38:28 <asir> did u miss SAP?
04:38:50 <Marsh> YES: +SAP
04:39:16 <Marsh> s/SOAP/SAP/
04:39:37 <pauld> s/YES: +SAP/.../
04:39:59 <Arthur> Jeff/Anish: express concers, BP carries little weight, still need to decide on the wording
04:40:04 <Zakim> +Bijan_Parsia
04:40:05 <dbooth> s/...//
04:40:10 <asir> all right, 1 of 3 down :-)
<dbooth> s/BadSubstitution/Something/
04:40:24 <Roberto> for the record, Sun will consider filing a formal objection too
04:40:57 <Arthur> Now discussing LC82
04:41:26 <Arthur> Jonathan: Can we ask editors for wording and then discuss it?
04:42:01 <dbooth> rrsagent, make log member
