<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<html lang='en'>
<head>
  <title>OpenAJAX face to face -- 4 Oct 2007</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="STYLESHEET" href="http://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
  <link type="text/css" rel="STYLESHEET" href="http://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
  <link type="text/css" rel="STYLESHEET" href="http://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
  <meta content="OpenAJAX face to face" name="Title">  
  <meta content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" http-equiv="Content-Type">
</head>

<body>
<p><a href="http://www.w3.org/"><img src="http://www.w3.org/Icons/w3c_home" alt="W3C" border="0"
height="48" width="72"></a> 

</p>

<h1> - DRAFT - </h1>
<h1>OpenAJAX face to face</h1>
<h2>4 Oct 2007</h2>





<h2><a name="attendees">Attendees</a></h2>

<div class="intro">
<dl>
<dt>Present</dt>
<dd></dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt>
<dd></dd>
<dt>Chair</dt>
<dd>SV_MEETING_CHAIR </dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt>
<dd>Kai Hendry</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<h2>Contents</h2>
<ul>
  <li><a href="#agenda">Topics</a>
	<ol>
	<li><a href="#item01">Introductions</a></li>
<li><a href="#item02">Lightning review</a></li>
<li><a href="#item03">SMash (secure mashups)</a></li>
<li><a href="#item04">Coradiant talk</a></li>
<li><a href="#item05">Ajax searchability TF</a></li>
<li><a href="#item06">Elections 2007</a></li>
<li><a href="#item07">Google gears</a></li>
<li><a href="#item08">Widgets</a></li>
<li><a href="#item09">Security task force</a></li>
<li><a href="#item10">W3C</a></li>
<li><a href="#item11">Marketing WG</a></li>

	</ol>
  </li>
  <li><a href="#ActionSummary">Summary of Action Items</a></li>
</ul>
<hr>
<div class="meeting">

<p class='phone'>
jon is going through the agenda
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; Scribe: Kai Hendry
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; ScribeNick: hendry
</p>

<p class='phone'>
following <a href="http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/2002/scribe/scribedoc.htm?rev=1.47">http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/2002/scribe/scribedoc.htm?rev=1.47</a>
</p>

<h3 id="item01">Introductions</h3>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>TedThibodeauJr</cite>&gt; is the call-in not as was in the email? &nbsp;I've got lovely classical at - 1-888-227-9220, Passcode: 871757
</p>

<p class='phone'>
<cite>TedThibodeauJr:</cite> sorry, "no go on the phone" atm
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>TedThibodeauJr</cite>&gt; ah, ok. &nbsp;no worries.
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; new members from the W3C are eager to work together with OpenAJAX
</p>

<h3 id="item02">Lightning review</h3>
<p class='phone'>
main two areas, interoperability and education
</p>

<p class='phone'>
openajax hub is in the dojo toolkit and dojo's dervatives
</p>

<p class='phone'>
IDE 'task force' is called the IDE 'work group'
</p>

<a name="action01"></a>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; <strong>ACTION:</strong> W3C/OpenAJAX workshop tomorrow is open to the public, though we would like to see some input from the guests
</p>

<p class='phone'>
try again on the phone bridge TedThibodeauJr
</p>

<p class='phone'>
a couple of interesting interop demos are shown (lightstreamer)
</p>

<p class='phone'>
a demo shown by Coach_ exhibits a bug where msgs displayed is less then the msgs received
</p>

<p class='phone'>
microsoft shows a demo where their ajax platforms maps to the openajax hub
</p>

<p class='phone'>
dojo dev has written a jquery interop with a couple of lines of code
</p>

<p class='phone'>
phone bridge seems to be working :)
</p>

<p class='phone'>
OpenSpot's ajaXcel demo is shown. impresive intensive live calculation, though with some issues with performance
</p>

<p class='phone'>
itmill show a demo that was generated by serverside java
</p>

<a name="action02"></a>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; <strong>ACTION:</strong> jon wants to schedule a phone call to resolve any final issues with the hub
</p>

<h3 id="item03">SMash (secure mashups)</h3>
<p class='phone'>
contributed technique from ibm, leveraging iframes, windows identifiers and a pool of subdomains
</p>

<p class='phone'>
smash technique might be in the next revision of the hub (1.1)
</p>

<p class='phone'>
performance issues with this technique are raised. not apt for large amounts of data atm
</p>

<p class='phone'>
fidelity case talks of performance issues esp. using xml. 'effecient xml' was suggested. though fidelity currently chooses scrubbed json
</p>

<p class='phone'>
<cite>peller:</cite> heyo <br>
... i'm logging minutes here, so just note any points here, ok?
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; hi hendry
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; sure
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; there really isn't going to be much activity on this channel, unfortunately. &nbsp;IRC tends to be underutilized
</p>

<p class='phone'>
<cite>peller:</cite> <a href="http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/2002/scribe/scribedoc.htm?rev=1.47">http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/2002/scribe/scribedoc.htm?rev=1.47</a>
</p>

<p class='phone'>
later we generate a minutes document with a W3C tool
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; from IRC?
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; there's nothing here.
</p>

<p class='phone'>
oh I've been messaging earlier minutes
</p>

<p class='phone'>
not very verbose i give you that
</p>

<h3 id="item04">Coradiant talk</h3>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; cool
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; keep it up :)
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; I guess if there are slides, there isn't much to do
</p>

<p class='phone'>
so if you think there was a point worth noting, just say it here
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; you're still taking minutes, right?
</p>

<p class='phone'>
er.. you can
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; I've done the past 2 meetings. wouldn't mind if you did :)
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; if you really don't want to, please tell Jon
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; I can take over if necessary
</p>

<p class='phone'>
ok, I'll carry one
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; I'm sure Jon would be happy to ask for another volunteer, say after lunch. &nbsp;it's going to be a long day
</p>

<p class='phone'>
'privacy model' suggested instead of 'security model'
</p>

<p class='phone'>
browser vendors need to be on board, suggestion by dojo
</p>

<p class='phone'>
<cite>peller:</cite> what was the name of the WG suggested?
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; Production AJAX management TF?
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; if there was something else, I missed it
</p>

<a name="action03"></a>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; <strong>ACTION:</strong> Jon suggests Production AJAX management TF (Jon will mail mailing list about it) <strong>[PENDING]</strong>
</p>

<h3 id="item05">Ajax searchability TF</h3>
<p class='phone'>
deep linking problem in rich internet apps
</p>

<a name="action04"></a>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; <strong>ACTION:</strong> Particpants also asked for a searchability TF
</p>

<h3 id="item06">Elections 2007</h3>
<p class='phone'>
3 seats are up for grabs
</p>

<p class='phone'>
issue with Zimbra's seat due to Yahoo's acquisiion
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; Scott offers to resign, since he was elected as leading a small startup. Milinkovich: Yahoo! must take action on membership. jon proposes special election for Zimbra's seat once Yahoo!'s position in known, winner serves out Zimbra's remaining term. &nbsp;Scott may nominate himself to serve again, if possible.
</p>

<p class='phone'>
well put peller
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; :
</p>

<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>peller</cite>&gt; :)
</p>

<h3 id="item07">Google gears</h3>
<p class='phone'>
importance of mobile offline raised
</p>

<p class='phone'>
issue of google embracing the hub raised
</p>

<p class='phone'>
possibility of leveraging j2me to help realise offline access
</p>

<h3 id="item08">Widgets</h3>
<p class='phone'>
Widget/mashup TF proposal, however there seems to be overlap with the IDE TF
</p>

<p class='phone'>
need for defining metadata
</p>

<p class='phone'>
widget, mashup, widget mashup and mashlet for possible names of the new TF were proposed
</p>

<h3 id="item09">Security task force</h3>
<p class='phone'>
question of a component absraction woke some people
</p>

<h3 id="item10">W3C</h3>
<p class='phone'>
question of liasons discussed
</p>

<p class='phone'>
rhys called for openajax members to partipate on the Web arch document, esp. with regard to earlier topic of URI fragments indicating state
</p>

<p class='phone'>
alex said we should approach browser vendors with a list of our grievances
</p>

<a name="action05"></a>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; <strong>ACTION:</strong> Lobbying TF created with Coach at the helm
</p>

<p class='phone'>
ryhs raises work regarding best practices for developers
</p>

<p class='phone'>
mobile ajax white paper discussed
</p>

<a name="action06"></a>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; <strong>ACTION:</strong> Getting an editor and 4 contributors to the white paper
</p>

<p class='phone'>
Mobile Web APIs discussed, esp. in regard with J2ME's JSRs
</p>

<a name="action07"></a>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; <strong>ACTION:</strong> We'll flesh the rest of this Mobile API topic tomorrow at the workshop
</p>

<h3 id="item11">Marketing WG</h3>
<a name="action08"></a>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; <strong>ACTION:</strong> Howard, Coach, Matt are going to clarify conformance requirements and be aware of the possible consequences
</p>

<a name="action09"></a>
<p class='irc'>
&lt;<cite>scribe</cite>&gt; <strong>ACTION:</strong> Erawn Paccard volunteered to work/lead on the JSF+Ajax portals whitepaper
</p>

<p class='phone'>
**meeting over**
</p>



</div>
<h2><a name="ActionSummary">Summary of Action Items</a></h2>
<!-- Action Items -->
<strong>[NEW]</strong> <strong>ACTION:</strong> Erawn Paccard volunteered to work/lead on the JSF+Ajax portals whitepaper <br />
<strong>[NEW]</strong> <strong>ACTION:</strong> Getting an editor and 4 contributors to the white paper <br />
<strong>[NEW]</strong> <strong>ACTION:</strong> Howard, Coach, Matt are going to clarify conformance requirements and be aware of the possible consequences <br />
<strong>[NEW]</strong> <strong>ACTION:</strong> jon wants to schedule a phone call to resolve any final issues with the hub <br />
<strong>[NEW]</strong> <strong>ACTION:</strong> Lobbying TF created with Coach at the helm <br />
<strong>[NEW]</strong> <strong>ACTION:</strong> Particpants also asked for a searchability TF <br />
<strong>[NEW]</strong> <strong>ACTION:</strong> W3C/OpenAJAX workshop tomorrow is open to the public, though we would like to see some input from the guests <br />
<strong>[NEW]</strong> <strong>ACTION:</strong> We'll flesh the rest of this Mobile API topic tomorrow at the workshop <br />
&nbsp;<br />
<strong>[PENDING]</strong> <strong>ACTION:</strong> Jon suggests Production AJAX management TF (Jon will mail mailing list about it) <br />
&nbsp;<br />


[End of minutes] <br>
<hr>

<address>
  Minutes formatted by David Booth's 
  <a href="http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/~checkout~/2002/scribe/scribedoc.htm">scribe.perl</a> version 1.122 (<a href="http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/2002/scribe/">CVS log</a>)<br>
  $Date: 2008-01-23 05:23:52 $ 
</address>
<div class="diagnostics">
<hr />
<h2>Scribe.perl diagnostic output</h2>
[Delete this section before finalizing the minutes.] <br>
<pre>
This is scribe.perl Revision: 1.122  of Date: 2005/03/31 04:43:41  
Check for newer version at <a href="http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/~checkout~/2002/scribe/">http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/~checkout~/2002/scribe/</a>

Guessing input format: Irssi_ISO8601_Log_Text_Format (score 0.98)

Found Scribe: Kai Hendry
Found ScribeNick: hendry

WARNING: No "Present: ... " found!
Possibly Present: ScribeNick TedThibodeauJr peller
You can indicate people for the Present list like this:
	&lt;dbooth&gt; Present: dbooth jonathan mary
	&lt;dbooth&gt; Present+ amy


WARNING: No meeting chair found!
You should specify the meeting chair like this:
&lt;dbooth&gt; Chair: dbooth


WARNING: No date found!  Assuming today.  (Hint: Specify
the W3C IRC log URL, and the date will be determined from that.)
Or specify the date like this:
&lt;dbooth&gt; Date: 12 Sep 2002

People with action items: 4 an are coach contributors editor erawn getting going howard is jon lobbying matt open openajax paccard particpants tomorrow volunteered w3c wants we workshop

WARNING: Input appears to use implicit continuation lines.
You may need the "-implicitContinuations" option.


WARNING: IRC log location not specified!  (You can ignore this 
warning if you do not want the generated minutes to contain 
a link to the original IRC log.)


</pre>
[End of <a href="http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/~checkout~/2002/scribe/scribedoc.htm">scribe.perl</a> diagnostic output]

</div>
</body>
</html>
