--- Day changed Thu Sep 27 2007
05:16 -!- slightlyoff [n=alex@204.14.154.209] has joined #oaa-interop
05:17 -!- slightlyoff [n=alex@204.14.154.209] has left #oaa-interop []
08:46 -!- slightlyoff [n=alex@204.14.154.209] has joined #oaa-interop
08:49 -!- slightlyoff [n=alex@204.14.154.209] has left #oaa-interop []
14:18 -!- TedThibodeauJr [n=Thud@c-24-147-61-220.hsd1.ma.comcast.net] has quit ["make a whole!"]
15:05 -!- TedThibodeauJr [n=Thud@ws2.openlinksw.com] has joined #oaa-interop
16:48  * hendry is taking minutes
16:49 -!- Rhys [n=Rhys@131.107.204.126] has joined #oaa-interop
16:49 < hendry> jon is going through the agenda
16:52 < hendry> Meeting: OpenAJAX face to face
16:53 < hendry> Scribe: Kai Hendry
16:53 < hendry> ScribeNick: hendry
16:53 < hendry> following http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/2002/scribe/scribedoc.htm?rev=1.47
16:57 < hendry> Topic: Introductions
17:01 < TedThibodeauJr> is the call-in not as was in the email?  I've got lovely classical at - 1-888-227-9220, Passcode: 871757
17:04 < hendry> TedThibodeauJr: sorry, "no go on the phone" atm
17:05 < TedThibodeauJr> ah, ok.  no worries.
17:14 < hendry> new members from the W3C are eager to work together with OpenAJAX 
17:15 < hendry> Topic: Lightning review
17:17 < hendry> main two areas, interoperability and education
17:21 < hendry> openajax hub is in the dojo toolkit and dojo's dervatives
17:23 < hendry> IDE 'task force' is called the IDE 'work group'
17:30 < hendry> ACTION: W3C/OpenAJAX workshop tomorrow is open to the public, though we would like to see some input from the guests
17:37 < hendry> try again on the phone bridge TedThibodeauJr 
17:40 -!- Coach_ [n=Coach@131.107.204.126] has joined #oaa-interop
17:46 < hendry> a couple of interesting interop demos are shown (lightstreamer)
17:53 < hendry> a demo shown by Coach_ exhibits a bug where msgs displayed is less then the msgs received
17:56 < hendry> microsoft shows a demo where their ajax platforms maps to the openajax hub
18:03 < hendry> dojo dev has written a jquery interop with a couple of lines of code
18:07 < hendry> phone bridge seems to be working :)
18:11 -!- Rhys [n=Rhys@131.107.204.126] has quit [Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer)]
18:14 < hendry> OpenSpot's ajaXcel demo is shown. impresive intensive live calculation, though with some issues with performance
18:17 < hendry> itmill show a demo that was generated by serverside java
18:18 -!- Coach_ [n=Coach@131.107.204.126] has left #oaa-interop []
18:21 < hendry> ACTION: jon wants to schedule a phone call to resolve any final issues with the hub
18:22 < hendry> Topic: SMash (secure mashups)
18:25 < hendry> contributed technique from ibm, leveraging iframes, windows identifiers and a pool of subdomains
18:32 < hendry> smash technique might be in the next revision of the hub (1.1)
18:34 -!- Coach_ [n=Coach@131.107.204.126] has joined #oaa-interop
18:34 < hendry> performance issues with this technique are raised. not apt for large amounts of data atm
18:34 -!- Coach_ [n=Coach@131.107.204.126] has left #oaa-interop []
18:38 -!- peller [n=peller@131.107.204.126] has joined #oaa-interop
18:51 -!- peller [n=peller@131.107.204.126] has quit []
19:06 -!- Rhys [n=Rhys@131.107.204.126] has joined #oaa-interop
19:10 -!- peller [n=peller@131.107.204.126] has joined #oaa-interop
19:35 < hendry> fidelity case talks of performance issues esp. using xml. 'effecient xml' was suggested. though fidelity currently chooses scrubbed json
19:35 < hendry> peller: heyo
19:37 < hendry> peller: i'm logging minutes here, so just note any points here, ok?
19:38 < peller> hi hendry
19:38 < peller> sure
19:39 < peller> there really isn't going to be much activity on this channel, unfortunately.  IRC tends to be underutilized
19:40  * hendry uses IRC ;)
19:40 < hendry> peller: http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/2002/scribe/scribedoc.htm?rev=1.47
19:41 < hendry> later we generate a minutes document with a W3C tool
19:42 < peller> from IRC?
19:42 < peller> there's nothing here.
19:43 < hendry> oh I've been messaging earlier minutes
19:43 < hendry> not very verbose i give you that
19:45 < hendry> Topic: Coradiant talk
19:45 < peller> cool
19:45 < peller> keep it up :)
19:45 < peller> I guess if there are slides, there isn't much to do
19:45 < hendry> so if you think there was a point worth noting, just say it here
19:46 < peller> you're still taking minutes, right?
19:46 < hendry> er.. you can
19:46 < peller> I've done the past 2 meetings. wouldn't mind if you did :)
19:46 < peller> if you really don't want to, please tell Jon
19:47 < peller> I can take over if necessary
19:47 < hendry> ok, I'll carry one
19:50 < peller> I'm sure Jon would be happy to ask for another volunteer, say after lunch.  it's going to be a long day
19:53 < hendry> 'privacy model' suggested instead of 'security model'
19:56 < hendry> browser vendors need to be on board, suggestion by dojo
19:57 < hendry> peller: what was the name of the WG suggested?
19:57 < peller> Production AJAX management TF?
19:58 < peller> if there was something else, I missed it
19:59 < hendry> ACTION: Jon suggests Production AJAX management TF (Jon will mail mailing list about it) [PENDING]
20:00 < hendry> Topic: Ajax searchability TF
20:02 < hendry> deep linking problem in rich internet apps
20:08 < hendry> ACTION: Particpants also asked for a searchability TF
20:13 < hendry> Topic: Elections 2007
20:14 < hendry> 3 seats are up for grabs
20:23 < hendry> issue with Zimbra's seat due to Yahoo's acquisiion
20:28 < peller> Scott offers to resign, since he was elected as leading a small startup. Milinkovich: Yahoo! must take action on membership. jon proposes special election for Zimbra's seat once Yahoo!'s position in known, winner serves out Zimbra's remaining term.  Scott may nominate himself to serve again, if possible.
20:28 < hendry> well put peller 
20:29 < peller> :
20:29 < peller> :)
20:42 -!- peller [n=peller@131.107.204.126] has quit []
21:19 < hendry> Topic: Google gears
21:21 -!- peller [n=peller@131.107.204.126] has joined #oaa-interop
21:49 < hendry> importance of mobile offline raised
22:00 -!- TedThibodeauJr [n=Thud@ws2.openlinksw.com] has quit ["and then it was time to go home"]
22:01 < hendry> issue of google embracing the hub raised
22:05 < hendry> possibility of leveraging j2me to help realise offline access
22:05 < hendry> Topic: Widgets
22:26 < hendry> Widget/mashup TF proposal, however there seems to be overlap with the IDE TF
22:26 < hendry> need for defining metadata
22:36 < hendry> widget, mashup, widget mashup and mashlet for possible names of the new TF were proposed
22:37 < hendry> Topic: Security task force
23:05 < hendry> question of a component absraction woke some people
23:35 -!- peller [n=peller@131.107.204.126] has quit []
23:55 -!- peller [n=peller@131.107.204.126] has joined #oaa-interop
23:55 < hendry> Topic: W3C
--- Day changed Fri Sep 28 2007
00:03 < hendry> question of liasons discussed
00:05 < hendry> rhys called for openajax members to partipate on the Web arch document, esp. with regard to earlier topic of URI fragments indicating state 
00:05 < hendry> alex said we should approach browser vendors with a list of our grievances
00:12 < hendry> ACTION: Lobbying TF created with Coach at the helm
00:25 < hendry> ryhs raises work regarding best practices for developers
00:33 < hendry> mobile ajax white paper discussed
00:47 < hendry> ACTION: Getting an editor and 4 contributors to the white paper
00:48 < hendry> Mobile Web APIs discussed, esp. in regard with J2ME's JSRs
01:07 < hendry> ACTION: We'll flesh the rest of this Mobile API topic tomorrow at the workshop
01:07 < hendry> Topic: Marketing WG
01:22 -!- Rhys [n=Rhys@131.107.204.126] has quit []
01:29 < hendry> ACTION: Howard, Coach, Matt are going to clarify conformance requirements and be aware of the possible consequences
01:34 < hendry> ACTION: Erawn Paccard volunteered to work/lead on the JSF+Ajax portals whitepaper
01:35 -!- peller [n=peller@131.107.204.126] has quit []
01:36 < hendry> **meeting over**
